so for today I'm going to be talking to
you guys a little bit about some
questions I wanted some of your guys's
input on some things so basically what
you're looking at is some gameplay of
the naruto ultimate ninja storm
generations demo that i was playing and
actually i enjoyed myself playing it i
am not gonna lie at all I thought that
the game was pretty fun you know I i I'm
not that great at it of course but um I
did think that it was alright and I was
basically wanting to know if you guys
would like to see Naruto related content
because a long time ago in one of my
vlogs I'd asked kind of really vaguely
hey if I got a naruto game like
generations or ultimate ninja storm two
what you guys watch gameplay of it you
know would you guys like to see that
kind of stuff I got a few people who
were saying like oh my god I'm a rabble
rabble I really want to see like there
are a few people who were like wetting
themselves over the idea of a few people
who are like her I would watch it i
guess and there really weren't that many
people who were like totally against it
which is very good i was actually a
little bit surprised because i know
there's a little bit of tension between
the dragon ball and naruto communities
or at least there used to be I really
don't know if they've changed that much
over time but I know a lot of people who
like Dragon Ball Z hate naruto and vice
versa and there was really a small
minority of people who could tolerate
both of them but I i guess that may not
really be the case as much anymore but I
know that's how it used to be and I was
basically wondering if you guys would be
okay with this because I'm not gonna lie
I haven't watched the naruto show you
know like when it was coming out was
kind of that point my childhood where I
wasn't watching a lot of anime where I
was more into just playing video games
hanging out with friends being a kid I
really didn't watch naruto I have
nothing against the show or the story or
anything in fact a lot of people have
told me that I would really enjoy it if
I liked dragon ball which I have seen
all dragonball of course but um you know
I haven't seen the show so I don't know
that much about the story but I was
thinking about within the next week or
so getting ultimate ninja storm two
because I've heard that it expresses the
storyline of the show fantastically and
I was kind of looking for some input on
that you know is that the best game in
terms of story like is I just want to
know what goes on in the story you know
like if you're if you're looking for
a game of the story mode in Dragon Ball
you know you get infinite world or
ultimate Tenkaichi or budokai one burst
Limit something like that you know I'm
kind of looking for those sort of games
for Naruto one that I can play and learn
the story pretty well win with and then
I was also planning on getting
generations for the gameplay aspect of
things because um by the way this isn't
a lot come Cory I just thought i would
point that out right now i meant to say
that earlier but um but the videos that
Omega pro and I have been doing on
machinimarespawn the story reenactments
in dragon all one of the people at
machinima had sort of loosely asked us
you know if we could do naruto at one
point and I've been thinking about doing
Naruto stuff for a long time anyway
because like I said in that vlog a long
ass time ago I was talking about but um
I'm basically wanting to know if you
guys would be okay with that how much
you guys would want to see and just in
general you guys can leave me some input
regarding Naruto games like anything I
should know going into this because I
figure you guys would of course know
this stuff better than I would you know
you guys can tell me what games I should
be trying to get for it because I don't
know much at all about the Nardo
community of course I'm not gonna lie
you know but right now i'm looking at
getting ultimate ninja storm two and and
ultimate ninja storm generations and i'm
primarily looking for ones on the xbox
you know I I could you know technically
get a ps2 one but I'm not quite as keen
to that idea as I am to getting them for
the xbox don't ask why I just am NOT but
um you know I like I said I didn't mind
the gameplay style this it was something
different and I did enjoy myself playing
it fairly well and I was kind of
interested to see in getting these I'm
at the end of the day I'm gonna play and
record what I want to you know so that
may maybe just some made me sound like a
dick but um I'm sure I'm gonna end up
buying them regardless of what the
response of this video is but I was
mainly asking for input you know I'll
probably start putting out some Nardo
content because I wouldn't mind
broadening my audience a little bit and
I know like I said most of you guys have
told me in the past you guys would love
to see Nardo stuff but i just thought
i'd be up front with you guys and let
you know that i'm not familiar with much
of the series at all like i have not i
didn't watch the show and i really don't
have a huge interest in watching the
show
just because it's like a million
episodes long you know I just don't have
that much time right now it's just kind
of that situation if they had made like
a naruto kai of sorts with like you know
where they cut out all the filler made
it less than 100 episodes I think about
it maybe but that's not the case I don't
think I've not heard of anything like
that but um yeah so I was saying about
just playing one of the games
particularly ultimate ninja storm two
and then playing this game for the
gameplay aspect of it like mainly doing
gameplay videos of this game in
particular but I would play ninja storm
two on my own time to learn the story
and stuff before I really did that I
don't know I wouldn't really be planning
on doing a let's play of either of them
but mainly just kind of the random duels
like how I do with the Dragon Ball but
let me know yeah in general things you
guys want to see things I should know
before I start doing all of this stuff
of naruto because like i said you guys
would know better than i would for some
of this stuff so um you know this
gameplay ira don't know if it's any good
or not to be honest i don't know what
difficulty the demo is on it's probably
normal or whatever but i'd like to think
that i have a decent like a half decent
respectable grasp of how the game worked
but then again it was just button
mashing for me I was just pressing be a
million times occasionally LT to dodge
with the substitution jutsu and stuff
but um yes I really don't know too much
like I was saying so I'm gonna try to
talk until the game plays over just
because I feel like it to feel like
being real talkative to die but anyway
so yeah I mean I just want to know in
general things that you guys want me to
do things you guys think I should know
because I mean I'm not planning on doing
a let's play though like I said of
either of the games just because I'm not
an incredibly big person on let's plays
watching or doing them and i'm already
doing pokemon silver and the mass effect
trilogy which is quite a bit on my plate
I don't really feel like doing another
thing like tackling another let's play
you know because it is quite a bit of
work and stress to put on me I'd much
rather be doing this random duels at
this point and I don't think you guys
would want to see a less play of a
naruto game from a guy who doesn't know
what the fuck is talking about in terms
of naruto that much so you know if that
makes you feel any better about the idea
um but yeah so I was thinking about just
doing random free battles and everything
kind of like what Omega does with it you
know because he's actually a lot more
keen DiNardo than I am and we were
originally talking about him just you
know telling me the the story behind the
battle we were about to do so that way i
would have enough to at least talk about
it but i really didn't feel like doing
that I thought that would be I don't
know cheating almost but which then
again it's sort of cheating if I just
play the game to learn the story but in
a way it's not at least I had to do
something to learn the story but um
that's really about all I can think of
to say for now you know would you would
you guys think that if I play through
ultimate ninja storm two completely that
I would comprehend the story enough to
to enable me to at least be somewhat
intelligible maybe not to the full
magnitude that I am of dragonball we're
not to be cocky or anything but I I know
quite a bit about dragon well you know
I'm saying do you guys think that if I
play through ultimate ninja storm two or
maybe some other naruto game and of
course please specify if it's not ninja
storm to do which one I would be able to
learn the story line almost completely
from at least ship it in I know about
the normal one but anyway the demo is
basically over as you guys are looking
at so um that is about it for this video
please leave me some input in the
comments below and that is about it i
would like to thank you all for watching
hope you have a nice day and good bye